3.3 Application Architecture The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) defines the Application Architecture as a description of the structure and interaction of the applications as groups of capabilities that provide key business functions and manage the data assets. The current state (2015 NCT) application architecture is a highly complex integration of existing and new solutions having different platforms, hardware and software, multiple data sources with some manual, and little automated process. The 2020 Census Architecture target state is based on the SOA paradigm where each application will provide services to the overall solution. In providing these services, these applications, can dictate development of technical enhancements and defining design patterns, APls, Web Services, use of ESB, mobile, and cloud technologies. An example of technical enhancement of the future state is the use of ESB and the SOA enterprise methods vs. database links. While in the past, applications communicated often via manual processes to manage large transfer of file/data, the future state will allow applications to use integrated enterprise data models to communicate with other systems and share data. 
The 2020 Census future state architecture will modernize how data is shared and transferred between the systems. The modernization will consider the interoperability and interfacing elements such as data format, type, size, frequency and performance elements such as throughput, response time, and quality of service. In the current state, files were transferred manually using ad-hoc file transfer solutions, such as File Transfer Protocol (FTP), while the future state will utilize Enterprise Integration Patterns based on API, ESB, and Managed File Transfer (MFT) software to securely and efficiently share data across systems. The solution architecture diagrams for each test leading up to the 2020 Census lists the systems for each test and identifies their interfaces to each other. The arrows and their makings depict the type interface and of data being transferred as well as whether the transaction takes place via the ESB. Please refer to Appendix D: Product Release 2015 National Content Test, Appendix E: Product Release 2016 Census Test, Appendix F: Product Release Address Canvassing Test, Appendix G: Product Release 2017 Census Test, and Appendix H: Product Release 2020 Census to view the diagrams as well as the Interface 23 2020 Census Enterprise Architecture and Infrastructure Transition Plan Catalog referenced in Appendix C: References to view the interface catalog detailing the application interfaces. The general approach to updating the artifacts for each test and census will be similar. When the existing systems or new capabilities are tested the findings will be recorded as we anticipate that the findings will drive the need for additional enhancements or development of new solutions.
3.5 IT Infrastructure Based on the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3, IT infrastructure is a combined set of enablers, tools, procedures, and methods such as hardware, software, networks, and facilities that help develop, test, deliver, monitor, control or support IT services. ITIL provides a consistent approach to managing IT services resulting in cost reduction, improved IT services, customer experience, and improvement in the staff and technology productivity, enhanced delivery of third-party services. The US Census Bureau Decennial program in transitioning to the target 2020 Census Architecture focuses on using the industry best practices and seeks to leverage the approach in developing the IT Infrastructure. This document and the architecture document address the IT Infrastructure and at a high level and identify the systems that will use the enterprise cloud services. The enterprise cloud implementation strategy is currently under development. It will need to address the readiness of the cloud solution and the detailed strategy in meeting the 2020 solution architecture needs. Furthermore, a number of the interfaces are expected to use the ESB and web services in order to communicate and share files securely and efficiently. The solution architecture and the infrastructure relies on the US Census Security 24 2020 Census Enterprise Architecture and Infrastructure Transition Plan team to meet the security requirements and continue to be engaged with the program/project team in order to ensure that each system will meet the security requirements. To view a list of systems that will use the cloud technology and ESB please refer to Appendix K.4: Infrastructure Architecture. 
The enterprise IT Infrastructure follows a plan for periodic technology refresh with its time lines, including compute resources, storage, network devices, system monitoring, and security appliances. In the current planning, there is also a strategy to do research for utilizing Cloud computing for IT Infrastructure. With the use of Cloud computing, system management and monitoring footprint must be extended to manage systems deployed in Cloud environments. In order to successfully support the 2020 Census, the technology refresh time lines must be aligned with the Census Tests timelines and 2020 Architecture Transition Plan so to ensure readiness of the infrastructure components for Census Tests and 2020 Census. This readiness is critical to the dependable operation of the IT applications within the 2020 Census Solution Architecture.
5.2 Application Architecture
The application architecture is the set of application areas identified to support the 2020 Census. It
provides a context for system development or enhancement. Application areas represent a useful
subdivision of activities, services, and data that can be linked to other objects in the architecture. They
are a group of activities and entity types with strong interdependencies such that a single application or
more than one application can support the area.
The application architecture consists of both legacy application enhancements and new application
development efforts. Projects such as CEDCaP will replace multiple legacy systems used during the 2010
Decennial Census, while other legacy applications such as CIRA will remain to support the 2020
Decennial Census.
More details about the Application Architecture are found in Section 4.4 of the 2020 Census
Architecture Document. The list of systems participating in the 2020 Census can be found in Appendix I:
2020 Census Systems List. The list of outstanding questions that impact solutions can be found in
Appendix J: Outstanding Decisions with Potential Impact on the Census Architecture. Figure 5-4 and
Figure 5-5 show the 2020 Census Solution Architecture Model and the 2020 Census Support and
Infrastructure Model. 

5.6.2 Data Quality in Systems
Various systems contribute to the quality aspect of the 2020 Census in two ways. The first way is
through systems that support Quality Control. The Sampling, Matching, Reviewing, and Coding System
(SMaRCS) application specifically supports quality control operations designed to determine whether
field listers and enumerators are using validated procedures and collecting accurate data. The SMaRCS
application will facilitate quality control operations by providing a mechanism for selecting quality
control samples, validating production interview data against administrative records sources, and by
providing a tool for clerical matching to compare the production interview data against re-interview (RI)
data. SMaRCS will participate in Listing Quality Control by looking for "using validated procedures" and
for falsification. SMaRCS will also serve as a major control component for quality control operations by
managing the selection of quality control samples for field follow-up related to Census and Census
Coverage Measurement (CM) operations and tracking the progress of the RI work through the matching,
field, and resolution processes. Another example of QC is PRIMUS (which replaces Centurion) and MOCS
which perform data validation from end to end.
48 
2020 Census Enterprise Architecture and Infrastructure Transition Plan
The second way is through systems that have improved algorithms to support quality and efficiency
modeling, such as in the Concurrent Analysis and Estimation System {CAES). The CAES will be an
enterprise modeling platform which uses adaptive design to store data and uses it to execute statistical
models in support of survey flow processing, analysis, and control. Systems such as the Control and
Response Data System (CaRDS) (Post processing) will maximize the degree of completeness of the
information by utilizing admin records. The CaRDS will act as the front and back door to data collection.
It will pull personal or business data from the Census Master Address File and send it to MOCS. The
Ca RDS will provide Universe determination for the Decennial, and post data collection response
processing. 
